---
title: "I got a new job!"
---

I started looking for my next great opportunity on September 29th. A former coworker posted a position that looked like a great fit, so I applied and interviewed for it. When it didn't work out, I really started to put the pedal down...or at least tried...November/December are not the greatest times to start a career search!

Since then I've applied at 26 companies. Received at least one interview with 11 of them. That _sounds_ like a great hit rate, but in reality I did not get a single call back from any application without a referral (or the company reaching out to me). So my network came up HUGE in this search. Compared to every other time I've looked for work (2006, 2011, 2012, 2016, 2017), this market is challenging. 

I passed 4 coding screens, did what I would call a "full loop" with 5 companies, with one more scheduled next week that I'm opting out of.

Because, yesterday I accepted an offer to become a Senior Solutions Engineer with HashiCorp! I couldn't be more excited about this role. I've spent the last 6 years going deep with Terraform and Terraform Enterprise, along with using Vault, Consul, and Packer in my day to day work. I love HashiCorp products and can't wait to help demonstrate their business value across a wide variety of problem domains to other companies.

I wanted to send out a bunch of gratitude to folks who helped me out.

Pete Cheslock who generously volunteered his time to help me understand the basics of startup equity.

Folks who gave me direct referrals: Boog, Mark, Megan, Alka, Scott, Alexandra, Ahmed, Sean Lutner, Jim Mihos, Boog (again), Kevin White

Toby for giving me some great early feedback on my resume. 

VB and Paul for helping me with insight about former companies they worked at.

And lastly all the folks I already knew at HashiCorp who were very generous with their time sharing information about the role - David Josh.

This will be a new challenge for me. I've never worked in a sales organization before, so I will have a lot to learn. But I couldn't be more excited about the opportunity.
